# Kaevalor's SuperSlopes Block mapping
# define superslopes-support: true in configuration.txt to enable
enabled:superslopes-support
# variables: set in configuration.txt to override
var:BlockKaevWoodCorners=182,BlockKaevCobblestoneCorners=183,BlockKaevGlassCorners=184,BlockKaevSandstoneCorners=185
var:BlockKaevDirtCorners=186,BlockKaevStoneCorners=187,BlockKaevSandCorners=188,BlockKaevSnowCorners=189
var:BlockKaevGrassCorners=190,BlockKaevBricksCorners=191,BlockKaevGravelCorners=192,BlockKaevGoldCorners=193
var:BlockKaevSteelCorners=194,BlockKaevObsidianCorners=195,BlockKaevDiamondCorners=196,BlockKaevWhiteWoolCorners=0
var:BlockKaevBlackWoolCorners=0,BlockKaevRedWoolCorners=0,BlockKaevGreenWoolCorners=0,BlockKaevBrownWoolCorners=0
var:BlockKaevBlueWoolCorners=0,BlockKaevPurpleWoolCorners=0,BlockKaevCyanWoolCorners=0,BlockKaevSilverWoolCorners=0
var:BlockKaevGrayWoolCorners=0,BlockKaevPinkWoolCorners=0,BlockKaevLimeWoolCorners=0,BlockKaevYellowWoolCorners=0
var:BlockKaevLightBlueWoolCorners=0,BlockKaevMagentaWoolCorners=0,BlockKaevOrangeWoolCorners=0,BlockKaevWoodIntCorners=197
var:BlockKaevCobblestoneIntCorners=198,BlockKaevGlassIntCorners=199,BlockKaevSandstoneIntCorners=200,BlockKaevDirtIntCorners=201
var:BlockKaevStoneIntCorners=202,BlockKaevSandIntCorners=203,BlockKaevSnowIntCorners=204,BlockKaevGrassIntCorners=205
var:BlockKaevBricksIntCorners=206,BlockKaevGravelIntCorners=207,BlockKaevGoldIntCorners=208,BlockKaevSteelIntCorners=209
var:BlockKaevObsidianIntCorners=210,BlockKaevDiamondIntCorners=211,BlockKaevWhiteWoolIntCorners=0,BlockKaevBlackWoolIntCorners=0
var:BlockKaevRedWoolIntCorners=0,BlockKaevGreenWoolIntCorners=0,BlockKaevBrownWoolIntCorners=0,BlockKaevBlueWoolIntCorners=0
var:BlockKaevPurpleWoolIntCorners=0,BlockKaevCyanWoolIntCorners=0,BlockKaevSilverWoolIntCorners=0,BlockKaevGrayWoolIntCorners=0
var:BlockKaevPinkWoolIntCorners=0,BlockKaevLimeWoolIntCorners=0,BlockKaevYellowWoolIntCorners=0,BlockKaevLightBlueWoolIntCorners=0
var:BlockKaevMagentaWoolIntCorners=0,BlockKaevOrangeWoolIntCorners=0,BlockKaevWoodSlopes=167,BlockKaevCobblestoneSlopes=168
var:BlockKaevGlassSlopes=169,BlockKaevSandstoneSlopes=170,BlockKaevDirtSlopes=171,BlockKaevStoneSlopes=172,BlockKaevSandSlopes=173
var:BlockKaevSnowSlopes=174,BlockKaevGrassSlopes=175,BlockKaevBricksSlopes=176,BlockKaevGravelSlopes=177
var:BlockKaevGoldSlopes=178,BlockKaevSteelSlopes=179,BlockKaevObsidianSlopes=180,BlockKaevDiamondSlopes=181
var:BlockKaevWhiteWoolSlopes=215,BlockKaevBlackWoolSlopes=0,BlockKaevRedWoolSlopes=0,BlockKaevGreenWoolSlopes=0
var:BlockKaevBrownWoolSlopes=0,BlockKaevBlueWoolSlopes=0,BlockKaevPurpleWoolSlopes=0,BlockKaevCyanWoolSlopes=0
var:BlockKaevSilverWoolSlopes=0,BlockKaevGrayWoolSlopes=0,BlockKaevPinkWoolSlopes=0,BlockKaevLimeWoolSlopes=0
var:BlockKaevYellowWoolSlopes=0,BlockKaevLightBlueWoolSlopes=0,BlockKaevMagentaWoolSlopes=0,BlockKaevOrangeWoolSlopes=0
# Wood slopes, corners
block:id=BlockKaevWoodSlopes,id=BlockKaevWoodCorners,id=BlockKaevWoodIntCorners,data=*,patch0-6=4,transparency=TRANSPARENT
# Cobblestone slopes, corners
block:id=BlockKaevCobblestoneSlopes,id=BlockKaevCobblestoneCorners,id=BlockKaevCobblestoneIntCorners,data=*,patch0-6=16,transparency=TRANSPARENT
# Glass slopes, corners
block:id=BlockKaevGlassSlopes,id=BlockKaevGlassCorners,id=BlockKaevGlassIntCorners,data=*,patch0-6=12049,transparency=TRANSPARENT
# Sandstone slopes, corners
block:id=BlockKaevSandstoneSlopes,id=BlockKaevSandstoneCorners,id=BlockKaevSandstoneIntCorners,data=*,patch0-6=192,transparency=TRANSPARENT
# Dirt slopes, corners
block:id=BlockKaevDirtSlopes,id=BlockKaevDirtCorners,id=BlockKaevDirtIntCorners,data=*,patch0-6=4=2,transparency=TRANSPARENT
# Stone slopes, corners
block:id=BlockKaevStoneSlopes,id=BlockKaevStoneCorners,id=BlockKaevStoneIntCorners,data=*,patch0-6=,transparency=TRANSPARENT
# Sand slopes, corners
block:id=BlockKaevSandSlopes,id=BlockKaevSandCorners,id=BlockKaevSandIntCorners,data=*,patch0-6=18,transparency=TRANSPARENT
# Snow slopes, corners
block:id=BlockKaevSnowSlopes,id=BlockKaevSnowCorners,id=BlockKaevSnowIntCorners,data=*,patch0-6=66,transparency=TRANSPARENT
# Grass slopes, corners
block:id=BlockKaevGrassSlopes,id=BlockKaevGrassCorners,id=BlockKaevGrassIntCorners,data=*,patch0-6=11003,transparency=TRANSPARENT
# Brick slopes, corners
block:id=BlockKaevBricksSlopes,id=BlockKaevBricksCorners,id=BlockKaevBricksIntCorners,data=*,patch0-6=7,transparency=TRANSPARENT
# Gravel slopes, corners
block:id=BlockKaevGravelSlopes,id=BlockKaevGravelCorners,id=BlockKaevGravelIntCorners,data=*,patch0-6=19,transparency=TRANSPARENT
# Gold slopes, corners
block:id=BlockKaevGoldSlopes,id=BlockKaevGoldCorners,id=BlockKaevGoldIntCorners,data=*,patch0-6=23,transparency=TRANSPARENT
# Steel slopes, corners
block:id=BlockKaevSteelSlopes,id=BlockKaevSteelCorners,id=BlockKaevSteelIntCorners,data=*,patch0-6=22,transparency=TRANSPARENT
# Obsidian slopes, corners
block:id=BlockKaevObsidianSlopes,id=BlockKaevObsidianCorners,id=BlockKaevObsidianIntCorners,data=*,patch0-6=37,transparency=TRANSPARENT
# Diamond slopes, corners
block:id=BlockKaevDiamondSlopes,id=BlockKaevDiamondCorners,id=BlockKaevDiamondIntCorners,data=*,patch0-6=24,transparency=TRANSPARENT
# White wool slopes, corners
block:id=BlockKaevWhiteWoolSlopes,id=BlockKaevWhiteWoolCorners,id=BlockKaevWhiteWoolIntCorners,data=*,patch0-6=64,transparency=TRANSPARENT
# Black wool slopes, corners
block:id=BlockKaevBlackWoolSlopes,id=BlockKaevBlackWoolCorners,id=BlockKaevBlackWoolIntCorners,data=*,patch0-6=113,transparency=TRANSPARENT
# Red wool slopes, corners
block:id=BlockKaevRedWoolSlopes,id=BlockKaevRedWoolCorners,id=BlockKaevRedWoolIntCorners,data=*,patch0-6=129,transparency=TRANSPARENT
# Green wool slopes, corners
block:id=BlockKaevGreenWoolSlopes,id=BlockKaevGreenWoolCorners,id=BlockKaevGreenWoolIntCorners,data=*,patch0-6=145,transparency=TRANSPARENT
# Brown wool slopes, corners
block:id=BlockKaevBrownWoolSlopes,id=BlockKaevBrownWoolCorners,id=BlockKaevBrownWoolIntCorners,data=*,patch0-6=161,transparency=TRANSPARENT
# Blue wool slopes, corners
block:id=BlockKaevBlueWoolSlopes,id=BlockKaevBlueWoolCorners,id=BlockKaevBlueWoolIntCorners,data=*,patch0-6=177,transparency=TRANSPARENT
# Purple wool slopes, corners
block:id=BlockKaevPurpleWoolSlopes,id=BlockKaevPurpleWoolCorners,id=BlockKaevPurpleWoolIntCorners,data=*,patch0-6=193,transparency=TRANSPARENT
# Cyan wool slopes, corners
block:id=BlockKaevCyanWoolSlopes,id=BlockKaevCyanWoolCorners,id=BlockKaevCyanWoolIntCorners,data=*,patch0-6=209,transparency=TRANSPARENT
# Silver wool slopes, corners
block:id=BlockKaevSilverWoolSlopes,id=BlockKaevSilverWoolCorners,id=BlockKaevSilverWoolIntCorners,data=*,patch0-6=225,transparency=TRANSPARENT
# Gray wool slopes, corners
block:id=BlockKaevGrayWoolSlopes,id=BlockKaevGrayWoolCorners,id=BlockKaevGrayWoolIntCorners,data=*,patch0-6=114,transparency=TRANSPARENT
# Pink wool slopes, corners
block:id=BlockKaevPinkWoolSlopes,id=BlockKaevPinkWoolCorners,id=BlockKaevPinkWoolIntCorners,data=*,patch0-6=130,transparency=TRANSPARENT
# Lime wool slopes, corners
block:id=BlockKaevLimeWoolSlopes,id=BlockKaevLimeWoolCorners,id=BlockKaevLimeWoolIntCorners,data=*,patch0-6=146,transparency=TRANSPARENT
# Yellow wool slopes, corners
block:id=BlockKaevYellowWoolSlopes,id=BlockKaevYellowWoolCorners,id=BlockKaevYellowWoolIntCorners,data=*,patch0-6=162,transparency=TRANSPARENT
# Light blue wool slopes, corners
block:id=BlockKaevLightBlueWoolSlopes,id=BlockKaevLightBlueWoolCorners,id=BlockKaevLightBlueWoolIntCorners,data=*,patch0-6=178,transparency=TRANSPARENT
# Magenta wool slopes, corners
block:id=BlockKaevMagentaWoolSlopes,id=BlockKaevMagentaWoolCorners,id=BlockKaevMagentaWoolIntCorners,data=*,patch0-6=194,transparency=TRANSPARENT
# Orange wool slopes, corners
block:id=BlockKaevOrangeWoolSlopes,id=BlockKaevOrangeWoolCorners,id=BlockKaevOrangeWoolIntCorners,data=*,patch0-6=210,transparency=TRANSPARENT
